Review:

        "A Practical Guide to Fedora and Red Hat Enterprise Linux" (which I'll
    refer to as "Fedora and RHEL" for short) explains how to set up, use, and
    understand Linux, with a focus on the Fedora and RHEL distributions. This
    book is daunting in size (over 1000 pages), but I do not recommend reading
    it from start to finish. Instead I recommend jumping around to topics that
    you either need to learn or that pique your interest.  In addition to a
    well crafted table of contents, there is a two-page abbreviated contents
    and a two-page "JumpStarts" guide that takes you directly to chapters that
    describe setting up a client or server.

        The book starts, as any good Linux book does, with the story of Linux, then
    delves into the nitty gritty of installing Fedora or RHEL (complete with
    hardware recommendations). Then the book dives into some basic linux tools
    like the shell and file directory structure. The descriptions of key
    foundational Linux topics such as standard input, standard output, and
    redirection are excellently done. After this we get into core administration
    concepts such as security, root, and setting up a server. I enjoyed
    learning of security techniques such as setting up a chroot jail.  "Fedora
    and RHEL" then dives into more details of setting up different types of
    servers, like OpenSSH, FTP, and NFS.  The book finishes with a thorough
    introduction to bash and perl. This is where I think the book tries to do
    too much. Is Perl a necessary tool for Linux? I have recently found
    myself converting Perl scripts into bash scripts because Linux ships with
    some awesome builtin tools.

        This book does a great job at teaching high level Linux concepts,
    using graphs or tables when useful, accompanied by lower level details.
    For these reasons, I thoroughly enjoyed this book, it has equipped me with
    more Linux skills to tackly my day-to-day tasks. I would recommend
    this book to a Linux system administrator, either as a reference or a
    learning guide, especially if they are working with Fedora, RHEL, or
    CentOS. Also, this book will turn Linux newbies into good Linux users and
    good Linux users into power users.




What is this book about?
How is the book organized?
Who should read the book?
Who shouldn't read this book?
  Someone who is interested in fine grain details of a specific linux
  feature.
An example of something I liked.
An exmaple of something I didn't like.
Did I like the book?

